feat(event_sources): add CloudWatch dashboard custom widget event (#1474)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/data_classes.md

    }
    ```

### CloudWatch Dashboard Custom Widget

=== "app.py"

    ```python
    from aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.data_classes import event_source, CloudWatchDashboardCustomWidgetEvent
    from aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.data_classes.cloud_watch_logs_event import CloudWatchLogsDecodedData

    const DOCS = `
    ## Echo
    A simple echo script. Anything passed in \`\`\`echo\`\`\` parameter is returned as the content of custom widget.

    ### Widget parameters
    Param | Description
    ---|---
    **echo** | The content to echo back

    ### Example parameters
    \`\`\` yaml
    echo: <h1>Hello world</h1>
    \`\`\`
    `

    @event_source(data_class=CloudWatchDashboardCustomWidgetEvent)
    def lambda_handler(event: CloudWatchDashboardCustomWidgetEvent, context):

        if event.describe:
            return DOCS

>         # alternatively you can also do
>         # event.widget_context.params["echo"]
>         # event.raw_event["echo"]
>         return event["echo"]

Reviewer: I haven't used this feature yet, but from the docs it seems that we could improve the docs by talking about the different return options:

```suggestion
        # You can directly return HTML or JSON content
        # Alternatively, you can return markdown that will be rendered by CloudWatch
        echo = event.widget_context.params["echo"]
        return { "markdown": f"# {echo}" }
```

Does it make sense?
